# Essentials

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 8.0.2.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4203/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).


##  Folder structures
    ./
    ├── .circleci
    ├── backend 
    ├── libs 
    ├── apps/ - all apps
    │   ├── … all other apps/
    │   ├── essentials/
    |   │   ├── src/
    |   |   │   ├── app/
    |   |   │   │   ├── auth/
    |   |   │   │   ├── core/
    |   |   │   │   ├── shared/
    |   |   │   │   ├── … other moduldes/
    |   |   │   │   ├── app.component
    |   |   │   │   ├── app.module
    |   |   │   │   └── app.routing.module
    |   |   │   ├── assets/
    |   |   │   ├── environments/
    |   |   │   ├── assets/
    |   |   │   ├── styles/
    |   |   │   └── … other config files
    |   │   ├── coverage
    |   │   ├── e2e
    |   │   └── … other config files
    │   └── … other config files
    ├── package/ - Other packages
    ├── ... - _other configuration files_.
    ├── lerna.json
    ├── package.json
    ├── README.md
    └── yarn.lock

## In the project the following structure of files is used.

- There are configuration files in the root of the project. These files are generated by NG Cli.
- Working files are in the folder src/.

- There are configuration files in the root of the project. These files are generated by NG Cli.
- Working files are in the folder src/.

    Feature module of the project contains the following folders and files:

    - services - folder with service that are used in this module; 
    - containers - smart components that contains business logic;
    - components - dumb components for presentation view; 
    - module.ts - file module;
    - routing.module.ts - file routing module;

- core - the folder contains main services, models, adapters, configs, that are used in the whole project;
- helpers - the folder contains helping and reusable handlers of different information in the project;
- shared - the folder contains reusable parts of the project such as:
    - pipes - folder with pipe module that contains all pipes;
    - directives - folder with directive module that contains all directives;
    -  components - folder with shared components. It components are represented as separate modules.
    -  containers - folder with shared containers;

## Feature modules description

Each feature module is created on the root level. It includes files of module and routing and also all components related to this feature. It can contain folders with services, directives, pipes and other. All that is used only in this module and is not reused elsewhere in the project  Feature may depend on and use other modules and components, and other from Shared module.
Feature module can’t use components from other feature module.

## Root Shared Folder description

Root Shared Folder - contains reusable parts of the application that are implemented as separate and independent modules.
In the application there is no any Shared module, as it will lead to increase of the application bundle and could lead to a chance of cyclic dependencies.

## Core module description

Core module - contains the core of the functionality that is used throughout the application:
Interceptor -  adds to the query authorization token and required headers for the query.

## Guards description

Guards - contains logic of access to the pages of application.

## Api-configs description functionality

Api-configs - is required for creation of full path of http-queries to the server.
Environments files are generated during building of the project and are substituted in accordance to deploying environment. File with configurations is in the folder  “./set-evn.ts”. 

## Models functionality

Models - interfaces and enums, used in the project.

## Services development

- Http-services - layer of implementation of requests to the server, that returns received data in the raw view without any transformations.
- Http-adapters - layer of transformation of input and output data.
- Services - services for work with Http-services, Http-adapters etc.
- Services are used to send and receive transformed data.
And also for work with browser API, storage of state of separate parts of the application. 

## Existing libraries and use their
- Interaction between the application and the server is conducted in the format [JSON:API](https://jsonapi.org/).
- In the application for requests [angular2-jsonapi](https://github.com/ghidoz/angular2-jsonapi) library is used.
- To work with date and time [moment.js](https://momentjs.com/) library is used.

## Mock data in the project
Mocks for features are in the following path assets/actives/{feature-name}/file-name.json”

##Styles rules
- Common global styles SCSS - are added to file _common.scss.
- When developing new features for common global styles a new file with name {_feature name.scss} in the folder “styles”  is created. This file is linked to in the file styles.scss.
- Icons - is linked in the following way:
    -  store file file_name.icon in the path “assets/icons/”;
    - in the file “./styles/_icons.scss” add styles for icon.
- In the project scss variables are used for common styles. They are in the file  “./styles/_variables.scss”.
- Tslint and StyleLint - are common and are used for all projects in the folder apps.
- Variables - should be with access modificator and with set type.
- Methods - should be with access modificator and with type of return data.

